Add bootloader section to keyboard template (#13774)
qmk/qmk_firmware: quantum/template/avr/readme.md

    make %KEYBOARD%:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

> * Bootmagic reset: hold down the top left key (usually escape) and plugin the keyboard
> * Physical reset button: If there is a button on the back of the PCB, please press it briefly.
> * Keycode in layout: Specifically, if there is a `RESET` keycode, and it's location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `RESET` if it is available
```
